JavaScript fnSerialization match package.json exports (#8893)
pulumi/pulumi: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

### Bug Fixes

> - [sdk/nodejs] - Fix nodejs function serialization module path complies with package.json exports if exports is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [sdk/nodejs] - Fix nodejs function serialization module path to comply with package.json exports if exports is specified.
```
